# PivotalWebAppTestThis projects pupose is to explore pushing a ASP.NET Core 2.0 application to Pivotal Cloud Foundry.The application was created using the ASP.NET Core 2.0 MVC template. Two methods of deployment are possible with .NETCore- **Framework-dependent deployment.** As the name implies, framework-dependent deployment (FDD) relies on the presence of a shared system-wide version of .NET Core on the target system. Because .NET Core is already present, your app is also portable between installations of .NET Core. Your app contains only its own code and any third-party dependencies that are outside of the .NET Core libraries. FDDs contain .dll files that can be launched by using the dotnet utility from the command line. - **Self-contained deployment.** Unlike FDD, a self-contained deployment (SCD) doesn't rely on the presence of shared components on the target system. All components, including both the .NET Core libraries and the .NET Core runtime, are included with the application and are isolated from other .NET Core applications.## Scenario 1 - Self-Contained ASP.NETCore2.0 deployment targeting Windows2012R2**Buildpack:** [HWC Buildpack](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/hwc-buildpack/releases) v2.3.9 (Sept 8, 2017)**Stack:** Windows2012R2**Status:** Working- Open a command prompt at the root of the website. \PivotalWebAppTest\PivotalWebAppTest- Delete previous publish```rmdir /s /q .\bin\publish-windows-sc```- Publish the application```dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.0 -r win10-x64 -o %CD%\bin\publish-windows-sc --self-contained true```- Push the application```cf push -f manifest-windows-sc.yml -p .\bin\publish-windows-sc```## Scenario 2 - Self-Contained ASP.NETCore2.0 deployment targeting cflinuxfs2**Buildpack:** [Dotnet Core Buildpack](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/dotnet-core-buildpack/releases) v1.0.26 (Sept 8, 2017)**Stack:** cflinuxfs2**Status:** Working- Open a command prompt at the root of the website. \PivotalWebAppTest\PivotalWebAppTest- Delete previous publish```rmdir /s /q .\bin\publish-linux-sc```- Publish the application```dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.0 -r ubuntu-x64 -o %CD%\bin\publish-linux-sc --self-contained true```- Push the application```cf push -f manifest-linux-sc.yml -p .\bin\publish-linux-sc```## Scenario 3 - Framework-Dependent ASP.NETCore2.0 deployment targeting Windows2012R2**Buildpack:** [HWC Buildpack](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/hwc-buildpack/releases) v2.3.9 (Sept 8, 2017)**Stack:** Windows2012R2**Status:** Not SupportedCurrently this scenario is not supported. ## Scenario 4 - Framework-Dependent ASP.NETCore2.0 deployment targeting cflinuxfs2**Buildpack:** [Dotnet Core Buildpack](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/dotnet-core-buildpack/releases) v1.0.26 (Sept 8, 2017)**Stack:** cflinuxfs2**Status:** Working- Open a command prompt at the root of the website. \PivotalWebAppTest\PivotalWebAppTest- Delete previous publish```rmdir /s /q .\bin\publish-linux-fd```- Publish the application```dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.0 -r ubuntu-x64 -o %CD%\bin\publish-linux-fd --self-contained false```- Push the application```cf push -f manifest-linux-fd.yml -p .\bin\publish-linux-fd```